docs pass & omnigraph overview (#2142)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/reference/subgraph-legacy/subgraph-api.mdx

## Subgraph API
ENSNode exposes a Subgraph-Compatible GraphQL endpoint at `/subgraph`.

:::caution[Subgraph API Deprecation]

> With the launch of ENSv2 in Summer 2026, the Subgraph-compatible API will become out-of-date; ENSNode still maintains support for the Subgraph-compatible API as described below, but integrators should prefer the ENSv2-ready Omnigraph API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the launch of ENSv2 in Summer 2026, the Subgraph-compatible API will no longer be representative of the state of ENS; ENSNode still maintains support for the Subgraph-compatible API as described below for ENSv1 data, but integrators should prefer the ENSv2-ready Omnigraph API.
```
